[codemod] Add moved-lab-modules (#23588)
mui-org/material-ui: packages/material-ui-codemod/README.md

find src -name '*.js' -print | xargs npx jscodeshift -t node_modules/@material-ui/codemod/lib/v5.0.0/box-sx-prop.js
```

#### `moved-components`

> Updates all imports of `@material-ui/lab` components that moved to `@material-ui/core`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates all imports for `@material-ui/lab` components that have moved to `@material-ui/core`.
```
